Docs 1.0 refactor installation (#83)
neuralmagic/docs: src/content/get-started/install.mdx

---
title: "Install"

> metaTitle: "Install DeepSparse Platform"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaTitle: "Install Deep Sparse Platform"
```

> metaDescription: "Install instructions for the DeepSparse Platform including DeepSparse, SparseML, SparseZoo"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: "Installation instructions for the Deep Sparse Platform including DeepSparse, SparseML, SparseZoo"
```
